feat: docs for custom middleware in agent os (#138)
agno-agi/agno-docs: agent-os/customize/os/attributes.mdx

---
title: AgentOS Parameters
description: Learn about the attributes of the AgentOS class
---

## Attributes of the AgentOS class

You can configure the behaviour of your AgentOS by passing the following parameters to the `AgentOS` class:

- `agents`: List of agents to include in the AgentOS
- `teams`: List of teams to include in the AgentOS
- `workflows`: List of workflows to include in the AgentOS
- `interfaces`: List of interfaces to include in the AgentOS. 
  - See the [Interfaces](/agent-os/interfaces) section for more details.
- `config`: Configuration file path or `AgentOSConfig` instance. 
  - See the [Configuration](/agent-os/customize/config) page for more details.
- `fastapi_app`: Optional custom FastAPI app to use instead of creating a new one. 

>   - See the [Custom FastAPI App](/agent-os/customize/custom-fastapi) pagefor more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - See the [Custom FastAPI App](/agent-os/customize/custom-fastapi) page for more details.
```
